config: revoke privs for default users and roles (#9091)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8967-creds-restore-defaults-for-default-user.md

> ## feature/config

Author: Done:
>     NO_DOC=documentation request will be filed manually for the whole credentials

> * Implemented revoking of non-default privileges for default
>   users and roles (gh-8967).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Non-default privileges are now revoked from default users and roles
  when they are removed from the configuration (gh-8967).
```

Author: Applied.
